{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red83\green83\blue83;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16780\viewh9380\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Artificial Intelligence and Deep Learning in 2018. \
\
As our daily lives become increasingly intertwined with all types of technology, sometimes it appears as if the future is already here. However, technology continues to evolve and the future gets even more futuristic. Artificial Intelligence, always capturing public imagination, have recently been brought to the mainstream. Innovations like Amazon\'92s Alexa, Netflix\'92s recommendation system, and SnapChat\'92s filters are all excellent examples of Artificial Intelligence entering the private domain of individuals. The most common AI component and indeed the bright star in the AI family is 
\i deep learning. 
\i0 Deep learning is a model of learning data that has in recent years improved longstanding standards of prediction accuracy. It has experienced greatest success in the fields of speech recognition, computer vision and in additional to traditional predictive modelling.  As we welcome the new year, however, matters about to get more interesting in the world of AI. Let\'92s take a look at what we can expect from deep learning and more generally, AI, in 2018. \
\
Convolutional Neural Networks will be (almost) everywhere \
\
Convolution neural networks, or Covnets, are complex learning models which have the advantage of requiring minimal pre-processing or \'93cleaning\'94 of data.  Predominently touted for \'93solving\'94 visual image classification and processing, they are now beggining to be applied to more use cases. \
\
The idea is that the visual world is compositional, images can be broken down into their most elementary features. So, an image of a landscape consists of various objects, these objects are composed of contours and lines which in turn are made up of pixels. Covnets\
create a hierarchical abstraction of the world in and describe and interpret the world accordingly. \
Currenlty, Facebook and Apple\'92s new iOS 10 use covnets for its photo tagging and face detection features.  In 2018, we can expect Covnets are expected to be a major part of self-driving cars in the near future with Tesla\'92s Model X already using covnets for its self-driving feature. Closer to home, companies like Quere.ai ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blog.qure.ai/notes/semantic-segmentation-deep-learning-review"}}{\fldrslt http://blog.qure.ai/notes/semantic-segmentation-deep-learning-review}}) are using covnets and finding great success in prognosis and diagnosis with medical imaging. Expect companies to begin finding diverse applications for these highly accurate learning models. \
\
\
Data Security in 2018\
\
AI however is not only being used to create a brighter future, but also for more sinister tasks. Security giant McAfee expects ransomware and other digital threats, which terrified the global community with attacks like WannaCry ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.beyondtrust.com/blog/wannacry-ransomware-attack-explained-makes-me-wanna-cry/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.beyondtrust.com/blog/wannacry-ransomware-attack-explained-makes-me-wanna-cry/}}) to increasingly leverage machine and deep learning. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Specifically, these models will help learning from defensive responses, seeking to disrupt detection models, and exploiting newly discovered vulnerabilities faster than defenders can patch them. \
\
The only way to defend from such attacks is for companies to augment their own machine judgement ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.computerweekly.com/news/450428797/McAfee-aims-to-out-innovate-adversaries"}}{\fldrslt http://www.computerweekly.com/news/450428797/McAfee-aims-to-out-innovate-adversaries}}). \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
As AI spreads to all aspects of the business and private world, lets try and keep a pulse on the most significant changes that AI and its related technologies are expected to make in 2018. \
\
Industry Adoption in 2018?\
\
This was a huge year for AI on many fronts LIST AI PRODUCT/FEATURES ON EXISTING PLATFORMS\
Though making headlines globally, AI was unable to make significant headway on adoption across industries and businesses. Will 2018 change this? Will the wonders of AI be available to the world outside of Google and Baidu\'92s of the world?\
\
Independent surveys by The Economist and McKinsey in 2017 suggested that around 70% of the firms sampled across industries would actively implement AI-based technologies over the next three years. However, the exact level of commitment to this transformation remains.\
\
However, firms that have historically adopted digital technologies are expected to continue leading the charge in terms of investment and adoption.\
 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
}